so one of the jokes that cameraman and I
often joke about and that he actually
joked about before we started this video
is the selling point of more technology
because I went to buy some badminton
shoes once and he was with me and I
asked the guy what's the difference
between this one and this one for $10
more on the guy said all this one more
technology and I went well what other
technologies that he had he's like oh no
a smart technology I'm like okay well
I'll take the other one since clearly
there's no difference between these
shoes so cameraman pointed out before I
started to hate you unbox this before
and I'm like no no this is a more
different one he says what does it have
more technology inside I said actually
no it does because unlike the regular
Razer Naga the Razer Naga epic elite MMO
gaming mouse features wireless
technology which is more technology by
the way as well as interchangeable grip
technology which is well not really
technology it was more of an accessory
so let's start getting this thing unbox
so that we can have a look at the
product itself this is actually an open
box product at NCIX so I won't be
breaking any seals today but you should
pretty much get the point so the first
thing we find inside is the Razer Naga
epic which you can clearly see does not
have a cord attached more on that in a
bit
next we actually see the base station
which has some nice weight to it so it
shouldn't move around unnecessarily if
you don't want it to okay taking out
that piece Razer is always so good at
packaging so what we've brought in here
is their usual three inches thick of
documentation congratulations there's no
turning back your a Razer owner now
Razer Naga epic grid trainer these are
good this is that here you go so little
tabs that you can put on the MMO buttons
on the side to help remember which is
which so you can feel where the buttons
are Quick Start Guide master guide OOP
yes
manual princi-pal so that would be
another master guide product catalog and
some Razer stickers next we find a box
inside the box we find some foam
actually inside the box we find a lot of
good stuff so this is our cord
just like the Mamba the Naga epic allows
you through the use of this connector
right here just like that
to switch it into a courted Mouse should
you so desire at any given time maybe
your battery dies maybe you want it to
charge while you're using it whatever
the case may be you can switch to corded
if you want at any time we also have a
battery pack nice beefy looking thing
I'm actually not quite sure how to
install that but I'm not going to worry
too much about it at this time
yeah I'm really not going to worry too
much about it at this time okay we also
have the other two grips so according to
razor
there are the three grips there is one
the palm grip which I guess is this one
they're not actually labeled so that's a
little challenging oh no they go this
way okay so here we go so there's this
so let's let's try it let's try and
approximate which is which so I'm going
to go ahead and say that this is
probably the claw grip okay this has got
to be the classic grip and the one that
comes on it is the palm grip so the palm
grip is a little bit wider okay so that
means that you can cut it better with
your hand we take that off and we put on
the classic grip that's going to be the
one that the regular Naga ships with so
it's a little bit less you can't spread
out your hand quite as much but still
quite comfortable it's more of a three
fingers on the mice and one one kind of
dead space okay and then finally you've
got the claw grip which goes on just
like that okay and the claw grip is
intended to be used with only these two
fingers actuate abut ins your ring
finger or your pinky finger gripping the
mouse on this side and then your thumb
gripping the mouse on this side
personally I don't feel the Naga is best
suited for claw grip because you need
control of your thumb for these buttons
so it's better to be holding on to the
mouse over here oh sorry claw grip no no
claw grip you do still have your palm on
it forgot that's fingertip grip that I
was thinking of so you can still control
the buttons here you hold the mouse here
here here you stabilize with your palm
and you hold it also with your ring
finger or pinky finger finally I did
happen to find where the battery pack
goes when I opened it up so you put it
in there
in this way a little eject button well I
think that's the eject button just like
that and you can take it out should you
so desire so it is a user replaceable
battery just like the regular Naga you
have 12 yes 12 buttons on the side of
the mouse which can be used to you know
use potions or cast spells or whatever
it is that you want to do okay you've
also got your two standard mouse buttons
your mouse wheel two more buttons here
and on the bottom you can actually
change the mode of these buttons on the
side you can switch them to either bind
to the number pad or to bind to the
number keys at the top of the keyboard
you can turn the mouse on and off it
also has a pairing button which matches
the pairing button on the base don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
oh actually hold on note here's one more
thing so you can also do this if you
want to charge the mouse on the base
station you plug this in here put it on
the base station boom now it charges
that way or you can plug it directly
into the mouse you have both of those
options don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips from our unboxings
reviews and other computer videos and
thanks for checking out my video on the
Razer Naga epic